(LOOΠΔ TV for the Hi High music video, START!)
Olivia Hye: It's the first day of a music video shooting~
ViVi: Right!
(The first day, the first hug!)
Olivia Hye: On the first day!
Olivia Hye: Only the members of yyxy and ViVi are going to shoot the music video~
Olivia Hye: So just 5 members came here~
Olivia Hye: And I guess other members will shoot it tomorrow, right?
ViVi: I think so~
(Chuu is coming!)
Chuu: Hello~
Chuu: This is the place we did a photo shooting for our album!
Chuu: I think it's just...
Chuu: Eating lunch box on the grass will be great... It's just my hope~
(It's only Chuu's wishful thinking! Now we have to shoot a music video!)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ - Hi High"
Go Won: The acting that I did just a while ago was like...
Go Won: Open the door and think like 'Well... should I go in?'
Go Won: Hungary! It's like I'm back to Hungray...
Go Won: Maybe...
(She has nothing much to say anymore...)
Go Won: (Jumping to a conclusion) Anyway, that's what happened~